in today's video we will go through the
events of 2021's horror
separation spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
jenny vaughn is a six-year-old girl
living with her parents jeff vaughan and
maggie vaughn
at the beginning of the movie jenny is
at the attic of her home playing with
her monster puppets
her dad jeff and babysitter samantha are
in jeff's office looking at his work
jeff is a cartoonist and makes comics
for a living jenny sees a bird hitting
the skylight window
she climbs up a cupboard to get a closer
look but trips and falls
her head is injured jenny's mother
maggie comes home from work
and is shocked to see her daughter
injured she blames samantha and jeff for
being careless maggie and jeff do not
have a good relationship
jeff has been unemployed for three years
now and maggie takes care of all the
finances
they fight in front of jenny frequently
maggie brings jenny out to the car to
get her to the hospital but she doesn't
want jeff coming with them
a few days later the couple is in a
divorce settlement office
maggie is there with her wealthy lawyer
father paul rivers
they negotiate the terms of the divorce
maggie please for full custody of jenny
but jeff refuses to do so
both the parents want to be with their
daughter maggie and jenny have been
living with paul since the accident
after their discussion maggie tells jeff
that he can spend the next day with
jenny
jeff returns to an empty house even the
house he lives at belongs to jenny
he watches old videos of his family in
this may
cut to the following day jenny and jeff
are in a cafe waiting for maggie to
arrive
jenny draws on her notepad as jeff
watches her just then
his old college friend conor recognizes
him he is now the ceo of a big comic
company
he offers jeff an office job but jeff
mistakes it for him wanting to buy his
art
as they talk jeff gets a call from
maggie he tells her about the job offer
but conor corrects him
maggie tells jeff getting a job is not
that easy the couple gets into an
argument again
maggie is walking on the street while on
the phone suddenly
a car hits her she dies in the accident
it is a few days later
people have gathered at the couple's
home after maggie's funeral
jenny starts painting with her fingers
on the wall making a mess
when jeff asks her to stop it she talks
like a little baby referring to herself
as
baby then jeff starts to give a little
speech about maggie when their family
picture
catches fire samantha stops the fire but
jeff's face from the image is distorted
after the gathering jeff and paul have a
chat about jenny's custody
paul thinks jeff is unfit to take care
of his granddaughter
he also suspects that jeff was behind
maggie's death
now jeff has to find a job to win the
custody battle
that night jeff gets a nightmare where a
mimer monster is chasing him
the following morning jenny seems to be
upset with jeff when paul
suddenly arrives he is there to hand
jeff the petition for custody
jeff now has only 72 hours to get a job
he visits his friend connor's office and
gets a job as an inker
when he gets home jenny is already
asleep samantha suggests
jeff let jenny go live with paul but he
dismisses it suddenly we see a tall
figure
standing outside jenny's window watching
her jeff is inking some cartoons at
night when he suddenly zones out
it is as if someone else has taken over
his body
he starts to scribble on the paper he
was working on creating a monster-like
figure
when he comes back to his senses he is
surprised
just then jenny comes into the room and
startles him
she heard something in her room and
wants jeff to check it there is nothing
in the room the next day at work jeff
gives conor the sheets he worked on but
accidentally puts in the one he
scribbled on as well
connor and his partner alan ross want to
make a horror comic and they like the
pictures
allen hires jeff as a comic book artist
alan takes him to his office and
explains to him the work
he believes in spirituality and ghosts
later at night
both jeff and jenny are drawing on their
notepads jenny refuses to show jeff hers
until it's done
a glance at her notepad shows that she
is drawing the exact monster-like figure
jeff had drawn yesterday
later jeff is still working when a noise
wakes up jenny
she looks around her room and sees a
tall monster puppet standing
in a corner she screams in fear and
calls for her daddy
jeff rushes to her room but the puppet
is gone they sleep together after the
incident
the following day is a good one jeff
puts in the effort to make jenny happy
they play with puppets run around the
house and draw together
jenny tells him that this is the best
day ever
but at night they are both woken up by
the same monster-like figure
again jeff puts a camera in jenny's room
the next morning
jenny tells him that she is scared of
the monsters who come at night to which
jeff tells her to make friends with them
jeff tells jenny to go to the bath the
following day but jenny says that her
mommy said she doesn't have to take
baths in the morning
jeff also sees the monster figure she
had drawn on her notepad
at work he is distracted by jenny's
behavior so he searches for the reason
on the internet just then alan comes
into jeff's office
since allen believes in ghosts and
spirituality jeff tells him about
jenny's behavior
allen suggests that maggie's spirit is
still in the house and is haunting them
but jeff is doubtful of the idea
samantha and jeff bring jenny to the
park the following day jenny runs around
climbing on statues while the other two
talk about the custody battle
jeff is starting to consider the idea of
giving jenny to paul for her better
future
there is a puppet show going on in the
park jenny insists on watching it
suddenly everything goes silent for jeff
it is as
if he is hallucinating everyone in the
crowd turns towards him and starts
making faces
then everything goes back to normal
scared jeff picks up jenny and sprints
out of the park
when they return home samantha tries to
kiss jeff but he retreats
embarrassed samantha leaves the house at
night while jeff is drawing
he sees jenny talking to someone through
the camera she asks the person to come
to her
and introduces them to her toy puppets
jenny has taken jeff's advice
and made friends with them jeff looks
closely and sees the tall puppet monster
move in the corner
he rushes to jenny's room but sees no
one even jenny is gone
when he looks out of the window we see
jenny's puppet move in the background
jenny startles jeff from behind he puts
her to bed when jenny talks about her
new friend
jeff asks her about them but she
dismisses it samantha comes in the
following day
jeff is worried about jenny he asks
samantha to take care of her and leaves
for the office
at the subway jeff is looking at his
work when suddenly everything goes
silent the crowd disappears he is there
by himself
then a puppet appears in front of him
jeff walks towards it
he removes a cloth revealing its face
when suddenly
it chokes him at work allen tells jeff
about this concept in which spirits
possess things like a doll or a house
at the same time jenny sees a puppet
outside her window and smiles at it
the attic door opens by itself for jenny
and she goes in
samantha hears jenny talking to herself
and goes to look for her
the attic door closes by itself samantha
calls jenny from outside the door to
open it
then it opens again jenny comes down the
stairs
but behind her samantha sees a huge
puppet this
freaks her out samantha is still crying
when jeff comes home
she tells him about the incident jeff
then locks the attic's door and keeps
the keys himself
he walks into his home office to see all
his work scattered around
someone had destroyed them furious he
walks into jenny's room and scolds her
but she denies doing it
she then tells him that she talked to
her mommy recently the next day jeff
takes jenny to his work
he apologizes to allen for the work
being destroyed and also shows him
jenny's drawings of monsters
allen again suggests that maggie is
coming to take her child back
because that is what she wanted the most
before her death he then gives jeff a
device called the ayahuasca
it will help him talk to maggie's spirit
he brings it home
later at home jeff and samantha are
talking when suddenly jenny starts to
choke
jeff looks closely and sees her having
an allergic reaction
samantha calls the paramedics and jeff
uses an epipen on her
jenny finally calms down and is back to
normal but the chandelier in front of
samantha swings on her head
making her unconscious the police and
the paramedics then arrive
some check on jenny while one of them
interviews jeff they see a bruise mark
on jenny's stomach and assumes she is
being abused at home
paul too arrives at the house jenny is
taken to her room when the adults talk
when she is alone jenny goes to the
attic and sits on the skylight
she is talking to a puppet that floats
in front of her
jenny calls it mommy and asks her not to
harm anyone
samantha is sleeping in jeff's room due
to her injury but she has woken up
and suffocated by the same puppet jenny
called mommy
terrified she runs downstairs and tells
jeff he asks her to go home
jenny will stay appalled for the night
while wishing her goodbye
jeff asks her if she really talks to
maggie jenny replies
with yes later jeff uses the device
allen had given him
maggie's puppet appears behind him and
he asks her to let jenny go
he wakes up the following morning in the
living room they are at the lawyer's
office the next day
when jeff agrees to move upstate with
jenny near paul so she can be near her
grandfather
paul tells jeff that they have found the
car that killed maggie
jeff then goes to his office to quit the
job while samantha paul and jenny come
home to pack
paul gets an email stating the name and
picture of the person who killed maggie
he is on a call with jeff when suddenly
someone pushes him down the stairs
jeff comes home to see paul on the
stairs he shows him the picture of the
killer
samantha comes down and insists jeff run
away because there is someone in the
house
jeff shows her the picture of the killer
it is samantha herself
samantha was jealous of maggie and in
love with jeff
so she killed her she had also poisoned
jenny's food
samantha threatens jeff with a piece of
glass when maggie's puppet appears
behind her
she picks samantha up and stabs her in
the neck finally killing her
seeing all this jenny gets scared and
runs up to the attic
jeff follows her to find her sitting on
the skylight window she is about to fall
when jeff tries to save her
however both of them fall down the
window
jeff opens his eyes to jenny telling him
that they had fallen
he is lying on the concrete maggie has
saved them
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries